mg_master_2168184_adding section with procedures for upgrade from 1.4… (#444)
infrawatch/documentation: doc-Service-Telemetry-Framework/assemblies/assembly_upgrading-service-telemetry-framework-to-version-1-5.adoc

ifdef::context[:parent-context-of-upgrading-service-telemetry-framework-to-version-1-5: {context}]

////
file name: assembly_upgrading-service-telemetry-framework-to-version-1-5.adoc
ID: [id="assembly_upgrading-service-telemetry-framework-to-version-1-5_{context}"]
Title: = Upgrading Service Telemetry Framework to version 1.5
////

:_content-type: ASSEMBLY

ifndef::context[]
[id="upgrading-service-telemetry-framework-to-version-1-5"]
endif::[]
ifdef::context[]
[id="upgrading-service-telemetry-framework-to-version-1-5_{context}"]
endif::[]

= Upgrading Service Telemetry Framework to version 1.5

:context: upgrading-service-telemetry-framework-to-version-1-5

> You must remove AMQ Certificate Manager and replace it with Certificate Manager for Red Hat OpenShift Container Platform when you upgrade Service Telemetry Framework (STF) v1.4 to STF v1.5. You must remove the `ClusterServiceVersion` and `Subscription` objects for Smart Gateway Operator and Service Telemetry Operator in the `service-telemetry` namespace on your Red Hat OpenShift Container Platform environment. You must upgrade Red Hat OpenShift Container Platform from v4.8 to v4.10 before you re-enable the operators that you removed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You must remove AMQ Certificate Manager and replace it with Certificate Manager for Red Hat OpenShift Container Platform when you upgrade {Project} ({ProjectShort}) v1.4 to {ProjectShort} v1.5. You must remove the `ClusterServiceVersion` and `Subscription` objects for Smart Gateway Operator and Service Telemetry Operator in the `service-telemetry` namespace on your Red Hat OpenShift Container Platform environment. You must upgrade Red Hat OpenShift Container Platform from v4.8 to v4.10 before you re-enable the operators that you removed.
```

{Project} = Service Telemetry Framework 
{ProjectShort} = STF

Attributes are in the readme.

Reviewer 2: `{OpenShift}` as well here

Author: You must remove AMQ Certificate Manager and replace it with Certificate Manager for {OpenShift} when you upgrade {Project} ({ProjectShort}) v1.4 to {ProjectShort} v1.5. You must remove the `ClusterServiceVersion` and `Subscription` objects for Smart Gateway Operator and Service Telemetry Operator in the `service-telemetry` namespace on your {OpenShift} environment. You must upgrade {OpenShift} from v4.8 to v4.10 before you re-enable the operators that you removed.

> You must remove AMQ Certificate Manager and replace it with Certificate Manager for Red Hat OpenShift Container Platform when you upgrade Service Telemetry Framework (STF) v1.4 to STF v1.5. You must remove the `ClusterServiceVersion` and `Subscription` objects for Smart Gateway Operator and Service Telemetry Operator in the `service-telemetry` namespace on your Red Hat OpenShift Container Platform environment. You must upgrade Red Hat OpenShift Container Platform from v4.8 to v4.10 before you re-enable the operators that you removed.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
When you upgrade {Project} ({ProjectShort}) v1.4 to {ProjectShort} v1.5, you must complete the following steps. 
* Replace AMQ Certificate Manager with Certificate Manager.
* Remove the `ClusterServiceVersion` and `Subscription` objects for Smart Gateway Operator and Service Telemetry Operator.
* Upgrade Red Hat OpenShift Container Platform from v4.8 to v4.10, and then re-enable the operators that you removed.
```
The three 'musts' in a row are a bit much, the way it reads I wanted to link the bullet points to processes further down, but don't see the obvious mapping.  I don't see anything technically wrong here, and depending on time pressure it may not be worth a major overhaul.

Author: How about I change that to:

To upgrade {Project} ({ProjectShort}) v1.4 to {ProjectShort} v1.5, you must complete the following steps:

* Replace AMQ Certificate Manager with Certificate Manager.

* Remove the `ClusterServiceVersion` and `Subscription` objects for Smart Gateway Operator and Service Telemetry Operator in the `service-telemetry` namespace on your {OpenShift} environment.

* Upgrade {OpenShift} from v4.8 to v4.10.

* Re-enable the operators that you removed.

* Update the {MessageBus} CA Certificate on {OpenStack}({OpenStackShort}).

and remove the procedure part at the bottom of that module, as there looks like some repetition otherwise

.Prerequisites

> * Back up your data. There is an outage during the Red Hat OpenShift Container Platform upgrade. You cannot reconfigure the `ServiceTelemetry` and `SmartGateway` objects during the Operators replacement.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* You have backed up your data. There is an outage during the Red Hat OpenShift Container Platform upgrade. You cannot reconfigure the `ServiceTelemetry` and `SmartGateway` objects during the Operators replacement.
```

Edit each of the prereqs to be parallel with the tense here. Prereqs are things you must already have or tasks you must have already performed.

Reviewer 2: `{OpenShift}`

Author: ```suggestion
* You have backed up your data. There is an outage during the {OpenShift} upgrade. You cannot reconfigure the `ServiceTelemetry` and `SmartGateway` objects during the Operators replacement.
```

> * Prepare your environment for upgrade from Red Hat OpenShift Container Platform v4.8 to v4.10. STF v1.5 only supports Red Hat OpenShift Container Platform v4.10.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* Prepare your environment for upgrade from Red Hat OpenShift Container Platform v4.8 to the supported version, v4.10.
```

Reviewer 2: `{OpenShift}`

> * The Red Hat OpenShift Container Platform cluster is fully connected. STF does not support disconnected or restricted network clusters.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* The {OpenShift} cluster is fully connected. STF does not support disconnected or restricted network clusters.
```

* Remove the  AMQ Certificate Manager before you upgrade Red Hat OpenShift Container Platform. Verify that no other Operators or workloads require the AMQ Certificate Manager in your environment.

.Procedure

> . Removing the STF v1.4 Operators

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Removing the STF v1.4 Operators
```

Because we are not allowed to have xrefs here :( you can remove the gerunds from the steps.

> . Upgrading the Red Hat OpenShift Container Platform to v4.10

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. Upgrading the {OpenShift} to v4.10
```

Title: = Upgrading Service Telemetry Framework to version 1.5
////

:_content-type: ASSEMBLY

ifndef::context[]
[id="upgrading-service-telemetry-framework-to-version-1-5"]
endif::[]
ifdef::context[]
[id="upgrading-service-telemetry-framework-to-version-1-5_{context}"]
endif::[]

= Upgrading {Project} to version 1.5

:context: upgrading-service-telemetry-framework-to-version-1-5

To upgrade {Project} ({ProjectShort}) v1.4 to {ProjectShort} v1.5, you must complete the following steps:

* Replace AMQ Certificate Manager with Certificate Manager.
* Remove the `ClusterServiceVersion` and `Subscription` objects for Smart Gateway Operator and Service Telemetry Operator in the `service-telemetry` namespace on your {OpenShift} environment.
* Upgrade {OpenShift} from v4.8 to v4.10.
* Re-enable the operators that you removed.
ifdef::include_when_13,include_when_17[* Update the {MessageBus} CA Certificate on {OpenStack} ({OpenStackShort}).]

.Prerequisites

* You have backed up your data. There is an outage during the {OpenShift} upgrade. You cannot reconfigure the `ServiceTelemetry` and `SmartGateway` objects during the Operators replacement.

> * Prepare your environment for upgrade from {OpenShift} v4.8 to the supported version, v4.10.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* You have prepared your environment for upgrade from {OpenShift} v4.8 to the supported version, v4.10.
```
Don't use present tense for prerequisites.

* The {OpenShift} cluster is fully connected. {ProjectShort} does not support disconnected or restricted-network clusters.

> * Remove the AMQ Certificate Manager before you upgrade {OpenShift}. Verify that no other Operators or workloads require the AMQ Certificate Manager in your environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* You have removed the AMQ Certificate Manager before you upgrade {OpenShift}. Verify that no other Operators or workloads require the AMQ Certificate Manager in your environment.
```

> * Remove the AMQ Certificate Manager before you upgrade {OpenShift}. Verify that no other Operators or workloads require the AMQ Certificate Manager in your environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

This isn't a prereq to this user story, this is part of it.
